chore(http): Refresh some headers pages (~a-c) (#36038)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/http/headers/content-location/index.md

{{HTTPSidebar}}

The HTTP **`Content-Location`** header indicates an alternate location for the returned data.

> The principal use is to indicate the URL of a resource transmitted as the result of [content negotiation](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Content_negotiation).

Reviewer: can be simplified
```suggestion
It's main use is to indicate the URL of a resource transmitted as the result of [content negotiation](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Content_negotiation).
```

> {{HTTPHeader("Location")}} and `Content-Location` are different.

Reviewer: Since it is the Content-Location page, let's mention it first
```suggestion
The `Content-Location` header is different from the {{HTTPHeader("Location")}} header.
```

> `Location` indicates the target of a redirection (`3XX`) or the URL of a newly created resource in a {{HTTPStatus("201", "201 Created")}}.
> `Content-Location` indicates the direct URL to use to access the resource when [content negotiation](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Content_negotiation) happened, so the client doesn't need to initiate content negotiation for the resource again in future.

Reviewer: - same here, starting with `Content-Location` first 
- plus some rephrasing 
```suggestion
`Content-Location` indicates the direct URL to access the resource when [content negotiation](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Content_negotiation) has happened, allowing the client to bypass future content negotiation for this resource.
`Location`, on the other hand, indicates either the target of a `3XX` redirection or the URL of a newly created resource in a {{HTTPStatus("201", "201 Created")}} response.
```

Author: great!

## Directives

- `<url>`

>   - : A [relative](/en-US/docs/Learn/Common_questions/Web_mechanics/What_is_a_URL#absolute_urls_vs._relative_urls)
>     (to the request URL) or [absolute](/en-US/docs/Learn/Common_questions/Web_mechanics/What_is_a_URL#absolute_urls_vs._relative_urls)
>     URL.

Reviewer: or simplified as 
```suggestion
  - : A URL that can be [absolute](/en-US/docs/Learn/Common_questions/Web_mechanics/What_is_a_URL#absolute_urls_vs._relative_urls) or [relative](/en-US/docs/Learn/Common_questions/Web_mechanics/What_is_a_URL#absolute_urls_vs._relative_urls) to the request URL.
```

Author: much better 👍🏻
